morning sesame is being
a crazy little demon this morning it's
going wild
just woke up had matcha with gary he
went to go move his car
and i'm gonna go get a little bit of
cardio in
on my let's say tuesday i usually do
upper body
and then because i'm not doing much
walking
working for the whole day i try to get
some movement in so i'm going to do
a little peloton class on one of the
kind of cruddy bikes downstairs
our gym building our gym building good
morning
our gym in our building which is like a
small little
gym it just opened
kind of they have didn't really announce
it but they're just letting people
they're not kicking me out so i've kind
of started going back to the gym again
which has been really nice so i'm gonna
go get some cardio in
and today i thought i would bring you
guys with me gary and i
are going to jersey to get some
pt done sort of like a prehab day
i have some things that i like to do
maintenance on so like
my hips my achilles and my shoulder
from my rotator cuff injury this summer
that's not healed so
bring you along with us
[Music]
that was so hard oh my gosh
i did a quick and egg head i just did a
45 minutes
hit inhales and let me like
catch my breath and stretch and we'll
talk a little bit about
cardio right now what my cardio routine
is like so
you guys know i'm not a big proponent of
lots of cardio especially not for petite
women
it is not your driver
for fat loss strength training and
nutrition is
and the reason why you see me doing
a class a little cardio today is because
typically i'll rely on non-structured
movement
uh step counts you know commuting
that type of thing but because i don't
have that that much anymore
i am making sure i reach my step count
goal or my movement goal in other ways
so
the rest of the day today is going to be
like no movement i'm going to sit in the
car
i'm going to have less than a thousand
steps
so it's very important to
make sure you're still moving stand up
every 45 minutes
walk around go on a couple walks every
day just to get your movement
up and i'll do that one day they
strength train and won't do cardio but
on days that i have upper body which is
a really low
movement day like it's it's not a crazy
high energy expenditure or anything like
that as opposed to leg day which is
i make sure i get a little bit of extra
movement in whether it's this
whether it's a 20 minute walk whatever
just to make sure
i feel good i'm not just sitting all day
so
that's what i've been doing focusing on
that step count goal this would be
equivalent of working on
a 10 000 step count go goal daily
which is what i aim for so we have
dave's killer bagel
egg whites and oats and peanut butter
decent breakfast with about 400 calories
25 grams of protein 40 grams of carbs 90
grams of fat
super solid just cleaned the house we're
getting ready to leave
and i packed my food for the trip i have
yogurt and granola and fruit and berries
i have like a sausage egg white
vegetable like sweet potato scramble and
then i have a waffle
and salmon smoked salmon and then i'm
just drinking a matcha this is also a
cookie
it's a cookie dough that i like to eat
um drinking water before we leave
and then we'll head off to our pt
session
all right we're on our way to new jersey
to get some
rehab done with the guy who works on
gary
i've never worked with him but
apparently he's great
do you know his background uh the clinic
is called edge
uh pt okay hbt
and i don't know his exact background
but i know that he works with a couple
of ufc fighters a couple of nfl guys
couple of
mlb polaris so he's used to working with
high performance
athletes and the gym is
uh high performance oriented like they
only worked with
athletes got it yeah so it's like a pt
gym
pt slash gym gary usually gets like
cupping and acupuncture done
i have not done that so i'm not sure i'm
gonna jump into it today
but if maybe i won't who knows i kind of
feel like i
i'm i kind of would like acupuncture on
my achilles
because i feel like it would really help
but we'll see
so this is my first meal meeting in the
car we have raspberries strawberries
blueberries granola
greek nonfat yogurt and
cacao powder and liquid stevia
and this is my first meal it's a
it's a perfect bar it's got dark
chocolate
and almonds is that because you're
perfect it's delicious
so this is the gym it's beautiful
so this is brand new it's so nice
like being in new york city you just
don't see
spaces like this all right we're gonna
get changed
so we just left the gym
let me show you guys gary we have a flat
i don't know if you can see hold
on and the
tire slot do you think there's just like
a hole in it or
let's see
oh man well anyways this is where we're
at
i couldn't really film in there for you
guys but it was good time
did upper body workout and then i had
some
rehab done i have a torn labrum did some
scraping on my calves i have achilles
tendinitis
these are all like old injuries they're
not really active they don't cause me
really any level significant level of
pain so it's really just like taking
care of my body and
being 28 my main concern now is just
to age well and to stay lean and strong
and make sure my body is in good working
condition
since i'm not competing anymore and all
that good stuff
so i'm about to eat this this is
my third or fourth meal i can't even
remember it's eggs turkey sausage
spinach sweet potato carrots that's it
i'm gonna eat this right now i was about
to have this you guys
this is not the cooked cookie obviously
it's a cookie dough but i
also just eat the cookie dough it's
amazing
it's from michelle your healthy
hidanista her
best of the basics cooking book it's
macro friendly
and these are the peanutters cookies
that are insanely good
i'm gonna eat this right now we're in
trader joe's
you're just giving us the silent
treatment oh sorry
hey how are you i have most things but i
need to get
some locks salmon everything but the
bagel seasoning
um i think i'm gonna get some ground
beef and maybe like
look for some snacks gary's actually a
monkey
like who eats that many bananas
please please explain
we just made it home and feeling
very sleepy we got a bunch of oh hi
sesame you want to say hi
sesame
hello i think we're gonna make a matcha
and i still have
a few meals left i'm gonna make some
some more of those cookies that i showed
you in the
car or earlier and i still have some
salmon i'm gonna eat
and what else i'm gonna have a waffle
kind of a weird mix of boots but i hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog
and let me know if you want to see more
vlog
style uh videos on my youtube channel
give this video a like thumbs up to help
support me and the small edits community
and channel
and i will see you guys next week
[Music]
bye
you